Version info updates for 22.10 (#2007)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/welcome-guide/requirements.md

## Linux

The primary Linux distribution for using the O3DE Editor is Ubuntu {{< versions/ubuntu >}}.

{{< note >}}

> Support for Ubuntu 22.04 in O3DE is considered experimental.

Reviewer: minor: Maybe this can be worded the same way we did for Mac:
```suggestion
Support for Ubuntu 22.04 is in an experimental stage.
```

O3DE requires [Clang](https://clang.llvm.org/get_started.html) to compile all of the native C++ code.

Install Clang using the instructions for the version of Ubuntu that you have installed:

{{< tabs name="Clang install" >}}
{{% tab name="20.04 LTS" %}}

The minimum version of Clang required by O3DE is clang-12. To override the older default version of Clang for Ubuntu 20.04 LTS during the installation of Clang, you will need to specify a specific version as part of the install command.

```shell
sudo apt-get install clang-12 
```

After Clang is installed, it needs to be added to `/etc/environment` as two new environment variables. For example, if you installed clang-12, add the following:

```shell
CC="/usr/bin/clang-12"
CXX="/usr/bin/clang++-12"

> ```

Reviewer: This is no longer needed

> ```

Reviewer: the CC, CXX environment setup is no longer needed

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="22.04 LTS" %}}

You can install the default version of Clang for Ubuntu 22.04 LTS, which is clang-14.

```shell
sudo apt-get install clang
```

After Clang is installed, it needs to be added to `/etc/environment` as two new environment variables. For example, if you installed clang-14, add the following:

```shell
CC="/usr/bin/clang-14"

> CXX="/usr/bin/clang++-14"

Reviewer: This actually is no longer needed, even for clang-12

> ```

Reviewer: These instructions are no longer needed
